docs: update to Substrate 2.0 compliance (#291)
KILTprotocol/sdk-js: docs/getting-started.md

# Getting Started with the KILT SDK <!-- omit in toc -->

In this simple tutorial we show how you can start developing your own applications on top of the KILT Protocol.
The next examples give you a simple skeleton on how to use the KILT SDK to create identities, CTYPEs and claims, and also how to issue an attestation with the use of our messaging framework.

⚠️ In version [0.19.0](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/releases/tag/0.19.0) we added the privacy feature among other things.
As a result, both the **attestation and the verification can now be done in two different ways: with and without privacy enhancement**.
The privacy enhancement enables zero knowledge proofs of attested claims in which a **claimer reveals nothing about themselves** except for ["public" properties](#611-without-privacy-enhancement) the verifier requests to see (**multi-show unlinkability** and **selective disclosure**).

> For more information please check out our [lightning talk at the April 2020 Sub0](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16HHPn1BA5o-W8QCeHfoTI1tNb5yQUZzt/view?usp=sharing) or these [slides](https://speakerdeck.com/weichweich/anonymous-credentials).

Author: Fixed in e1f2081

> # Quick Start Guide <!-- omit in toc -->

Author: Actually, me neither until I checked 😅

```

There are [three types](https://dev.kilt.io/#/?id=source-code-and-deployed-instances) of KILT chains which you can use, each one having a different address:

1. The prod-net: `ws://full-nodes.kilt.io`
2. The dev-net: `ws://full-nodes.devnet.kilt.io`
3. A local node: `ws://127.0.0.1:9944`

In case you go with option #1 or #2, you have to request test money ([prod-net](https://faucet.kilt.io/), [dev-net](https://faucet-devnet.kilt.io/)) **since storing a CTYPE on the chain requires tokens** as transaction fee.
However, **we recommend to start your local node** and use a mnemonic which already has tokens by using our docker image

```
docker run -p 9944:9944 kiltprotocol/mashnet-node:develop ./target/release/mashnet-node --dev --ws-port 9944 --ws-external --rpc-external
```

To store the CTYPE on the blockchain, you have to call:

```typescript
// the account behind this mnemonic already has tokens
const identity = await Kilt.Identity.buildFromMnemonic(
  'receive clutch item involve chaos clutch furnace arrest claw isolate okay together'
)
await ctype.store(identity)
```

Please note that the **same CTYPE can only be stored once** on the blockchain.

> At the end of the process, the `CType` object should contain the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the process, the `CType` object should match the Ctype below.
```

I would only use `the following` if it's followed by the thing immediately.

  owner: '5EvSHoZF23mZS4XKQBLdqMv7a7CRSANJmxn7XDu6hwoiK4Wz' }
```

## 5. How to request, create and send an Attestation

First, we need to build a request for an attestation, which has to include a claim and the address of the Claimer.
(_Note_ that this object allows much more functionality, however, we do not go into the details here)

### 5.1. Without privacy enhancement

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

WIP

```

I think a little note would be nice here.

Author: Fixed in e1f2081

    nonce: '4ef65c7b-ee10-4068-a53e-f6a1bf8bc5f1',
    hash: '0x251394fa14525606fdfee2d0a352589a413e74256d13472284be01003dcf0b4a'
  },
  cTypeHash: {
    nonce: '26bc33bf-52ef-422f-b321-b82e11e0b207',
    hash: '0xde3adcce5ce51b1f1ffbbede9e35facedd2de4b2781d86164bea212bbc13eaa4'
  },
  legitimations: [],
  delegationId: null,
  claimHashTree: {
    name: {
      nonce: 'a3c8b829-1a55-4e65-b09f-3a7f0b8be1ff',
      hash: '0xf0cd53c91e36d2747d7b911b3a90992dc591315126e076c05cb93ab72ee9f893'
    },
    age: {
      nonce: 'ed6fd1e2-d292-4dbe-b5d4-1147abf73ca4',
      hash: '0x1f029ea4cb82e24e9b1ece1481b526b37a198e2f9279759e17b5b1c2a5c832af'
    }
  },
  rootHash: '0xb672fe6fb46985459ee5efe67f6610056a85b3b4283cc4ead6bf07e9fd1c27e6',
  claimerSignature: '0x0043f4a404ea3930cffa4d74d00aacddf8f4f10c1af281c792d9f0e49153a40cf96f35f18ee2676279a2c96173ee183a2a032c2e30feac1ac9fbc64c535491e306',
  privacyEnhancement: null
}
```

#### 5.1.2. Sending an Attestation

Before we can send the request for an attestation to an Attester, we should first [create an Attester identity like above](#how-to-generate-an-identity).

```typescript
const attesterMnemonic = Kilt.Identity.generateMnemonic()

> // mnemonic: coast ugly state lunch repeat step armed goose together pottery bind mention

Reviewer: this step is not necessary. If no mnemonic is provided, a new mnemonic is generated anyways. 

But then you don't have access to the mnemonic. OK maybe leave it like that... I think it's useless to create a mnemonic inside `buildFromMnemonic`. Most of the time you would need to store the mnemonic and not throw it away... Maybe this should be put into an issue.

Author: > But then you don't have access to the mnemonic. OK maybe leave it like that... I think it's useless to create a mnemonic inside `buildFromMnemonic`. Most of the time you would need to store the mnemonic and not throw it away... Maybe this should be put into an issue.

It's used the same way in the tutorial and I agree that in the future we should remove the auto mnemonic generation when not supplying one. It improves devX but can lead to problems for users.

} from '@kiltprotocol/sdk-js'

const messageBody: IRequestAttestationForClaim = {
  content: { requestForAttestation },
  type: MessageBodyType.REQUEST_ATTESTATION_FOR_CLAIM,
}
const message = new Kilt.Message(
  messageBody,
  claimer,
  attester.getPublicIdentity()
)
```

The complete `message` looks as follows:

```typescript
 Message {
  body: {
    content: { requestForAttestation: [RequestForAttestation] },
    type: 'request-attestation-for-claim'
  },
  createdAt: 1595252779597,
  receiverAddress: '5HTEzvVT5bQxJTYPiDhRUw4GHarQVs66sFQEpQDUNT6MyoJr',
  senderAddress: '5EoUcwSZm4KgtLCN8SBYoXXv5p3b9gKS58tiRbtJidrhMp3b',
  senderBoxPublicKey: '0x9e5869608be42588504aaa4c55cb24c17ad1af38c37f821695a93e74049aa112',

>   message: '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',

Reviewer: maybe omit the whole message like that: `message: '0xFEED...CAFE`

Author: Fixed in e1f2081

The complete `messageBack` message then looks as follows:

```typescript
Message {
  body: {
    content: AttestedClaim {
      request: [RequestForAttestation],
      attestation: [Attestation]
    },
    type: 'submit-attestation-for-claim'
  },
  createdAt: 1595254601814,
  receiverAddress: '5DdAxEsEvAzdGTAPjGaQzrWxyYGThpbYzTDFTN6rMZkM88rF',
  senderAddress: '5HTEzvVT5bQxJTYPiDhRUw4GHarQVs66sFQEpQDUNT6MyoJr',
  senderBoxPublicKey: '0x97a9f05a70fe934b365d8b63dea7424b4070d49f64f2baa70e74d984da797d2d',

>   message: '0xda500c27065d2d6b32a2814a382fefd2e7508683cbb5d7f8d4091edf2e5b5e849aec4ed7f4c5c437b73a87127de340f3e62a530d6387b513e46d1c39c79bd5f1f08037e46f00167dc0ee91742cd49d61990b61f3e3e91bafad4979a1681d8449e245c66ae608fa6fc36fac5da8d9b36e7bb74f9a7cfd1cfaa16dd423dd4ffa4a699ed5d2c47b49c3ad82d3b4ad611fe2e27c9cef60b5bd4065ceddb8e2efa08cc009f3f48652a3e1ebaf563bb2e827e75de4e622bb9ab4e1f3757ccc11a7cb5a5551db7b2674a3fbe4ccb901671e28cf8edef69d429c25c1e0374e4523ea5ae0d1fd2409b96997918575ac53da5972698944fcbf8183ccad2d38935746f726e800254c62ed838212e3e400bdfd7f1f3a246419b07991804f31cf287dccb008cd62ce84121f3b557f7f4f5022171444ff8c5b8336f64e37055152cd174a098895e75e5db51c013f7c7260d979b818aeeff86d838a36e125b45a0508ecc5fe8e0dee4f97c8356563023371ac3f058a723b4173ce47f97aa2be03a5a99a378cce12379f5ba5cc0300127d4caa15a44c96811f7a133547b8a9778a002797d4b8e2a77640d6314bc98ae9f9907e2258f018f85d584c30f9ad53359cfa6e462c33183b185e129723f2040e32281be0571047a0e3a537da5631cf51f12f9d00295760a54fb75a0032f549d322b05b8653ee1bec00189d2a1b768e1c28189810bede5c5c9b2171d0e1d3afded6c20b5127e59dfa9554fc65688c073603dddeab2f45e96fb232ff115d10b23c4a4a1f69aa55f6a72affb0be3953ee84f5548157f5804173ee3197983f0dcede9892b2f0c2ae034d09191250e4d4890a7a1acadc076674a67772355c5a0f085876d05199eac668bec58f6e5fb51c6880cc5e52412b1f42d70ff7b1cc4fcbb6b80d3ba3c638ce3500a871897c14d45b330bd3a690e47f5b1e18183455ced290d97c66618c26129cb8abdf465826de5dd2d18d069d0fc7ae48a364577b412af065e28541869ace39b5621f7d4fd085ab6c5b88a33154d36323ae8795f308e936476b8d3c05a4a351c2c9bc5f23793573953b71b1dd96051cc0d9465cb5a1d27ba0908f195e6589e2cb8006c7de966750a8559fca5bf4d2856135bad5d4a6ddddd8d80487a3ae85a057307e991f968feb07acc692d9e94757882837008e294bdad0c7c87136791a53c0f9d2e706e32afdd92f02359f13ebf3f3a0ee110bfbe26b2a9a5cc28de6fe263cee422c1a7ac15442ed4569951fe788612e6406f2376bda791c43593e823b4573c6ed2d280b54c0385193431d07b33c95df90d718e3169ed23311e2fbc5aab1038d7f864fb7749ed10aec52411017b9e8bf932197717444f150b5c75095b90b7783595c1060cc12a8b55b3f6acfbbad8d076ec1a55d5d61f98ee95b929e88464f357da24f645d5e664701fac47e3f46ebfd034f8009153a66a63723026d8aa24bda698e055c21d5f2bba653c669aabe4234593eba17f55eea978dca4bacfa4f38298c70c6e87e0597d4bcff9f16ad028e798d448487786ecb985b3ad8a4a4e1901a4456ba0fb072a9327631b614b22d23b45c2c25018b185c75713fcf3a0ab680218d4de6759c5073c811652c2b74a5e8cc71474cf7a86367d21cdea502d8804cea8ba787678b92a211f11a3f1fb7d2bec1933d46962c4e09adfe7086db5da2f6bd347b67d69d2cc381a783aa424de271e469ca38456fa3fb6a9b1321b23780dcc74f28a42b76e1a14915b38c49164627c288088e30faaadc0e6523571e59aea2bfc957a05f3d44a861bda1eacd5fe5c3280ff0d6be649c2171773156cedde2a190c427d313d9b0840ebc9d11854cd8e246edd18d83c739385d6ec677ba7ef2707dd7db9a1b714291caa64e3398120f2278d6e8ad0ed4c656034b33bf57bc5377354adf709df72eb64f2a241a8b0e08681ae6da58e503044c5003f0c59e2821668178',

Reviewer: same as above! FEED CAFE! 😁

  const myAttestedClaim = messageBack.body.content
}
```

## 6. Verify a claim

As in the attestation, you need a second identity to act as the verifier:

```typescript
const verifier = await Kilt.Identity.buildFromMnemonic()
```

Before a claimer sends any data to a verifier, the verifier needs to initiate the verification process by requesting a presentation for a specific CTYPE.
Therefore, the verifier knows which properties are included in the attested claim and can request to see any combination of these publicly (including all of them or none).
This is an **important feature for the privacy of a claimer** as this enables them to only show necessary properties for a specific verification.
However, a verifier has to **allow privacy enhancement** for this to work.

> Otherwise, the verifier will always see all properties of the claim independent of the requested ones.

Reviewer: This confused me a bit. We can choose to exclude specific properties even if we use the public credentials. (although this provides very little privacy)

Author: Are you sure about that? When I run the `getting-started.ts` with no requested properties, the verifier still receives the claim object with all properties.

Author: As discussed, I will remove these lines as this is unclear/TBD with the optional portablegabi PR.
